to my house
but hey
I have a seven-bedroom house
I'm looking forward to four cars today for
four cars all the front of the
yard
I have a lamp
it's not my house
that is, that is, do not answer the
question from the lady because she
he said is your house is not diplomatically
it's yours
yes no
your house
It is very delicate
and they have no paper
right now is at home
look if I tell you let's go into a
luxury of details that I want to avoid
so that both relax what they do
I can say is that they can grab a w
22-23
two people 56 and does not belong to others
departments but I do not like things that
they are not problems
if what you want to take
no no no no no no no to be discovered
one from no
and you're going to ask for help
start to investigate well miss everything
what the alarm clock says
in the emergency of his friend
I can not stop putting the car in here
his house that I stay but he told me that
with him they beat them like that to keep him away
here this week in summer will give us the
work gives us a space my son does not
he told me he could get the car
I'm saying that with work they give us
a space of grace here
with everything from his house in my house
like or not no no no it's ricardo's house
essence of my son if I knew that it comes
you can not pay me symbols of light
waiting for the best companion
it's like the state
and the piece of carpet is identified
because it has good that fall apart
the feet
it's a piece of carpet
and if not
not just how is the passage of the
air is cooler
added today the lady tells me not to
the lady is there in terms of seeing him with
the look
I have passed in hopes of the neighborhood
hey but it seems I show you some
pictures a few that I took myself
when it comes in the green sticks area
that we went to know up
when we saw in Christmas season of
resident
Monday to work for them that I live
Hello
when you invite me to your face
you have a bedroom
ah
yes yes
good